[Music]
come on you lot I thought Germans were
meant to be punctual I'm here not just
oh your highness
very good Caesar come on even
five-year-olds of mustard zoom sorry
about that
complicated stuff soon isn't it how are
you not yet have you self isolating yes
I'm here with my old friend Lord
Blackadder
our grandfathers fought together
constantly I'm told you well know he
brought along a curious little fellow
called Baldrick who smells of turnips so
how's the homeschooling going bit of a
nightmare really well not be delighted
to help if I can
what subjects are on the curriculum
spelling well I could probably help with
that I could do most words from cat to
contra fibularis history I'm not too bad
on kings and queens but then I'm
guessing that that may also be your
strong point you think so wouldn't you
has a French just because you and why do
familiar you do classy I literally have
no idea what you're talking about happy
to serve sir
and to return to the matter in hand this
is your 60 second warming excellent by
the way
have you seen anything good on TV it's
hell without EastEnders isn't it they
tell me
Tiger King is rather good yes I tend to
avoid shows about royalty and there's
now 45 seconds and counting Sarah I
think our time is up on my way let me
just see if I can find my socks but I my
shoes my trousers
excellent job diddly dun dun dun
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow what's a way to start the big night
in traffic errors
let's it's a p.m. and we are not at
locations all across the UK so wherever
you are please put your hands together
grab your pots and pans and let's make
this the loudest and pry this crap from
cara's yet
[Applause]
[Music]
yesterday he asked me something
[Applause]
[Music]
so I wear the smile it's all about you
[Applause]
[Music]
so homie
sensei
dance you know
you choose
about you
[Applause]
[Music]
this was created as part of the beam 19
we hope you like the videos and we also
hope that you click the link below and
make a donation because right now our
charities up and down the UK are
providing urgent and essential help to
those most in need so hopefully your
hand in your pocket and give what you
can thank you